---
title: "First blog: Where everything begins..."
date: 2020-04-24
---

So here we are, finally, at my first blog
I had an idea of writting blogs for some time before. To be honest, I tried writting diaries back then when I was at secondary school. I know, it sounds like girl's stuffs, but at that time I already thought that writting out something in your head would make your life easier, and you have something to look back after 10 years or so. Yeah, even at the age of 14 I already had a "difficult" life. I still remembered what I wrote in that diary ( spoiler: I gave up writting after one week). It's about a girl I liked, how differenent she was from another girl I liked before, how my future would be(together with her). Half of my life is stucked in problems with girls, and I am still trying to figure out how to live an "egal" life. So I did write diary, but it only worked for one week. I don't like writting diary. Not because I fear that someone will read it (if I do then you are not here, my friends), but because I hate the idea of always keeping something by my side. I'm a careless person. I usually lost stuffs, from pens, notebooks to money. So I would lose it. Or totally forget about it, either way. In fact, I did, and I didn't even remember how I lost it. So, forget about the idea of writting diary. 
Blog is a totally different story. I cannot lose it. I can forget about it, but it's hard, since it is connected with my Github page. Moreover, I have all tools I need to decorate my blog(I hate drawing, partly because I'm the worst artist). It's fast and convenient. Back at one or two years ago, I started thinking about writting blogs. Many people did. It's a good idea to share what you've learned with others through your blogs. You understand the problem better when you stop thinking and start writting about it. Furthermore, I am considering to replace my traditional hobbies like reading manga, surfing Facebook and chatting with writting blogs. So believe me when I say this is just the first blogs. I will try to write at least one blog a week(I really want to aim at a higher number, but I am not very disciplined, so this should already be a good start). I hope the following blogs will be nicer. I've just learned what Github is and how to use it today, so first blog does not contain anything more than texts.
If you read until this line, thank you, for visiting my home. I am looking forward to sharing with you more about me. 
